okay guys it's read that hard now I've
had time to think about it and I'm very
upset I'm very pissed you know we got
robbed Louisville a four seed at worst
we should have been a two seed I mean
look at the schedule we played me look
look all the great teams we beat we beat
we beat we beat cincinnati by point we
played Memphis twice wouldn't win those
games but we play them we played
kentuckian wouldn't win that game either
but the main thing is guys is this is
not just about who we played this is the
eye test see the eye that's what this is
all about if you go by the eye test
Louisville is clearly playing the best
basketball in the country right now
we're beating teams like America by 40
50 points I mean these teams don't know
what hit them we we pass the eye test
this is not about who we played this is
not about our BPI CPI HDD it's not about
none of that this is about the eye test
and we passed the eye test and that's
what it's all about it's not about who
you play and we beat teams like like
America by 50 points do we play America
who did we play who have we put this
year any good we beat Cincinnati I mean
that was a top 10 team at the time so I
thought about it I've looked at the
stats I've looked at the CSI the BPI the
PR the PIR all them things that
a major everything by and that's that
thing they call strength of schedule
I've looked at that and I'm upset
because we passed the eye test right
there that's what you see on the court
we pass that and we are being we're
being screwed I just see the way it is
right now I mean no reason we should not
at least bit to see we should be a one
seed we should be the overall number one
seed foot because we pass the eye test
we should be right there with Florida
should be should be Florida Louisville
Wichita State Villanova Virginia yeah
Virginia that's what it should be that
should be the overall number 16 so I'm
I'm upset I'm upset but there's nothing
we can do about it I mean we play all
these great games against all these
great teams we blow all these teams
you've never heard of out by 40 and 50
points and we get neglected we get
neglected because of all these
statistical things they talk about what
all you have to do is look on the court
and you clearly see that we are the
Louisville Cardinals and we got screwed
we got fucking screwed I don't think
about who they don't know anyway guys
this is rigged apart and I'm just giving
you my opinion the Louisville program we
deserve better we deserve respect were
the defending national champions bitches
that's what we are national champ wish
your bid number one said just by default
with a champions yeah
so anyway that's that's all I had to say
about this we got hosed we got hosed I'm
gonna get another tattoo fuck this shit
bucket